minor swyx dec updates (#374)
typescript-cheatsheets/react: docs/basic/getting-started/basic-type-examples.md

---
id: basic_type_example
title: Typing Component Props
---

> This is intended as a basic orientation and reference for React devs familiarizing with TypeScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is intended as a basic orientation and reference for React developers familiarizing with TypeScript.
```

## Basic Prop Types Examples

> Just a list of typical TypeScript types you will use in a R+TS app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of TypeScript types you will likely use in a React+TypeScript app:
```
